What, um, maybe you could speak to love and relationship in your own life.
But in general, if we look at Alice shrug,
if we look at fountain head and maybe this is going to become a therapy session
for L but also just looking at your own life in a form of advice. Sure.
How can you be, uh,
O'Rourke and type character and do it live your life to the fullest
in, in,
in creating the most amazing things that you're able to create and yet have
others in your life that you give yourself to in terms
of loving them fully and having a family, having kids,
but just even just the love of your life kind of thing. Um,
how do you balance those things together? Is there any, anything to say.
I'll say one thing, cuz then I'll defer to your own.
Cuz he's the one who's married here. <laugh> I, I don't think it's a balance.
I think they've compliment each other and feed off each other. So it's like,
how do you balance having shoes and pants? It's like, no, you want both, you,
you want it all. And,
and having a great partner who thinks you're a badass and then sometimes they're
on the stage and you're like,
oh my I'm married to a badass that's that's the goal. Yeah.
Am I wrong? No, absolutely. It feeds off of each other. It's it's synergetic.
It's completely synergetic. The, the problem that people have, I think the,
where they get into challenges is when they view them as opposites, right? Yeah.
Work or family all, if you don't work the family,
you can't fund finance the family. But more than that, why is your love gonna,
why is your wife gonna love you? Right?
What are the virtues that you you're bringing?
If you don't maximize your own potential,
if you don't live the best life that you can live, what is it to love?
And if she doesn't do the same thing, why do you love her? So,
so you don't get this conflict between work and you know,
how do I have a balanced life? Of course you have a balanced life.
You balance it based on your values. And it's never gonna be the same.
The balance is, you know, the,
the time you spend at work and with family when you're young or when you have
little kids or when they're grown up is all gonna be different.
It's gonna depend on are priorities at the point, but it's all gonna feed.
Off of each other. So maybe another word outside of balance is sacrifice.
Do you think relationship involves sacrifice or enough? She know.
What he's doing. I know he's I he's trolling. You he's troll. He's trolling.
You he's a big troll Lexus. The biggest troll on Twitter ever,
Ever S deal with it.
Never sacrificed.
Mean sacrifice in the I know. So.
I'm gonna define so yeah. Okay. So sacrifice in my.
Role. Can, can I say one thing before we go, we get sidebar.
Rand ran had a good example of what you're talking about balance.
So she was married to this guy, Fran O'Connor. He was not a cerebral.
He was not intellectual. That's fine. She was in love with him.
And I met someone who had been friends with Rand.
And a lot of times she'd have these conversations with her acolytes to like four
the morning, but at the most cerebral topics. And I said,
and he would always bring them food.
He'd stay up and kind of sit there in a corner. And I go,
when this was happening, was he sitting there like, oh God,
here goes crazy old iron. And I just gotta be bored. And they go,
absolutely not. He was, he was so proud of her. He was so excited.
In fact, when she got a lot of money from, I think selling, uh, red pond,
which was her screenplay, which never produced,
he told her you can buy any kind of fur coat, as long as it's mink, he would,
he's like you earn this, celebrate it. So that was a good example. And that's a.
Good relationship. Absolutely.
Now sacrifice is the GI is the giving of a high of a value and expecting either
nothing or something less in return. You don't do that in a love relationship.
Your love relationship is a sense, a, a trade you're constantly trading.
You're not trading materially, but you're trading spiritually.
You imagine if I only gave my wife, if I gave spiritually immaturely,
only in one direction, I get sick of it. She gets sick of it.
It would never last. It has to be in give and take constantly in different ways.
Right? Different values. It's not, it's not a monetary exchange,
but it's constantly, you're giving in your, you receiving and you're giving,
right. And it's, it's, it's gotta, that's gotta be in balance. And,
and I know a lot of relationship where that gets outta bound, right?
And one party feels like they're giving all the time,
the sacrificing they're giving more than they're receiving in a sense.
And it's over. Right? So now people use the word sacrifice like,
like Jordan Peterson, sometimes you, he uses a, it both ways, right?
That's the problem. People use it. Jordan. I don't know him personally.
No Jordan Peterson. I said, I didn't call him. Jordan. Say, just wanna be clear.
Yeah. Uh, he uses in his talks as sometimes he uses it as,
just as I described it. Uh, and he's supportive of that.
Like the sacrifice Jesus made, right. And sometimes he uses as his investment,
but it's, it's not, if you're, if you're giving,
giving money now expecting a bigger return in the future,
that's not a sacrifice. That's an investment.
That's why we have two concepts for that. And the same is true. You know,
if my wife is ill and I'm in, you know,
I've got a whole relationship build around what I'm giving.
It's not that I'm not getting anything back when I'm getting back is that she is
recovering, right. Is that she is,
she's still alive or whatever it is that that I'm keeping.
That's the value that I'm getting in return. If I'm not getting that,
why am I doing it? Cuz I signed a contract a long time ago. Um,
so it's uh, it's, it's not a sacrifice.
Children are not sacrifice if I don't go to the movies cuz I stay with my home
with my kids. It's because I love my kids more than I love going to the movies.
Right.
And if I love going to the movies more than I love staying with the kids and get
a babysitter or don't have kids, which is the better, better.
Approach's good question. Yeah. Who did,
what book did IRAD say is the most evil book in all serious literature and it
was a Quin and the reason it was that book,
which I haven't read that's please correct me. If I plot wrong.
Rand was saying is the plot is a guy who's a big shot.
I think he marries a stupid girl who has nothing of value to offer him for at
all. And she ends up killing herself, whereas Rand's version.
And we could take this out of the romantic context. It,
I am delighted when I could be of use to my friends. It is,
makes me feel wonderful and not in a kind of parasitic way. It's just like that.
I'm at a certain point where they call me up,
they're having a problem and I've helped them with that problem. And.
A cor he gives up the love of his life. Oh how,
what it is the amazing goal. He has an affair with the outside of marriage.
Taints. Her is married to the, to the stupid,
but she gives him the prestige and everything.
Oh, oh that's clearly very anti Randy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and the, and the, the, the, the, the, the, the smart,
real, the one he, he loves, she commits suicide in there. Oh, okay.
I got it wrong. So it's, it's it's um, it's, it's about him. True.
Cru mediocrity and nothingness over this over love. So,
so pursuing your values is so crucial. So, so don't sacrifice.
It doesn't mean that if you want to eat Chinese and she want to eat Italian,
you don't once in a while, eat Italian on that day. Right's little that's.
That's just.
Get little that's silly, right? That's not a sacrifice, not an,
a sense in what we're talking about. That's, you know,
it doesn't mean don't compromise. It doesn't mean don't compromise on,
on the day to day stuff. It means don't compromise a moral of values.
Doesn't you don't compromise on the big stuff and you never, and, and,
and you never sacrifice. And that way you,
you have a relationship that's built as equals and,
and as you,
my each other and love at the end of the day is a response to value.
If you stop undermining your own value,
the person who loves you will stop or will stop loving. You will love you less.
If you love yourself less, they, you know, you have to, I, I also said just,
you know, to say, I love you. You have to be able to say the I, right.
You have to, you have to be somebody. You have to know yourself.
You have to have value. Uh, and, and so love is a love is a profound,
emotional response to value.